NARRATOR Following
Gurkinn's instructions
Korrina and our heroes
have traveled
to Pomace Mountain.
Now, they've arrived
at the manor of a Trainer
whose Pokémon partner
is able to Mega Evolve.
KORRINA
Hello there?
'I'm Korrina from Shalour City.'
'My grandfather told me
to come and see you.'
LUCARIO
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[FRIENDLY]
Hey, who's that Pokémon?
POKEDEX
Mawile. The Deceiver Pokémon.
Mawile's horns
form a huge set of jaws
strong enough
to chew up an iron beam.
‐ So, where's your Trainer?
‐ 'Over here.'
[all gasp]
[HAPPY]
Thank you so much
for watching the house, Mawile.
[chuckling]
Oh! My stars.
Well. How do you do? I'm Mabel.
‐ I'm Korrina.
‐ Hi, there. My name's Ash!
[HAPPY]
I'm Serena. Nice to meet you.
My name's Bonnie.
And this is Dedenne.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
That's my brother.
My name's Clemont.
Pleased to meet you.
I was told you were coming.
First, why don't the two of you
demonstrate how strong you are?
Huh? Sure!
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"The Bonds of Mega Evolution!"
Alright, let's begin.
Ready, Lucario? Mega Evolve!
LUCARIO
[EVOLVING]
[EXERTION]
Lucario has such a fine aura.
Now, Mawile. Mega Evolve!
MAWILE
[EVOLVING]
Mawile did it too!
So that's a Mega Mawile!
I can't wait to see
how this battle turns out!
[EXCITED]
Alright. Power‐Up Punch!
[POWER‐UP PUNCH MOVE]
Jump, please.
[EXERTION]
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
MABEL
Bone Rush? I see..
KORRINA
Now. Let's go for it.
Alright, Mawile, dodge it.
[EXERTION]
‐ Yeah! Atta..
‐ Korrina!
Can't battle this way...
And now, Mawile, use Iron Head.
[IRON HEAD MOVE]
[all gasp]
Lucario, no.
I need you to listen
to what I tell you to do, okay?
[ANGRY]
Not again. Uh‐oh..
Oh. Lucario.
It's aura is causing it
to lose control again!
[STRUGGLING]
Lucario!
'Lucario!
Lucario, stay with me.'
[ROARING]
‐ No, Lucario!
‐ Hmm.
Calm down, Lucario!
[EXERTION]
Lucario can't hear
a thing you say!
Mawile, Fairy Wind!
[FAIRY WIND MOVE]
[STUNNED]
‐ Lucario!
It looks like that's it.
Very well done, Mawile.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
I know you're
gonna be just fine.
Don't worry. You'll be able to
control your powers in no time!
Remember, that's what
we came here for!
We promise we'll do our best.
Please help us, Mabel.
JESSIE
'Huh, that Mega Mawile'
'could come in quite handy,
you know.'
MEOWTH
Once we catch Pikachu and those
two Mega‐Evolving Pokémon
we'll get our paws on their
Key Stones and Mega Stones.
'And then, we'll create a
magnificent Mega Evolution mob'
that'll be mighty
at manipulating the masses!
But still, Mega Mawile's
Fairy Wind is quite powerful.
We probably won't stand a chance
with a head‐on attack.
Then we'll catch them off guard.
We'll maintain our stance
and wait for the chance.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE
'Ah! Pretty flowers!'
Thanks. I picked them earlier.
And since they're so beautiful
I thought I'd have
Korrina and Lucario
make an arrangement for me.
Uh, I'm sorry,
but I think our time
would be much better spent
doing some training.
[AGREEMENT]
No need to be so hasty.
Would you all like to make
some flower arrangements, too?
‐ Wow, really?
‐ We can do it, too?
Of course,
but I'd like you to do it
with your Pokémon partners.
Dedenne, yay!
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Come out, Fennekin.
‐ Hey.
That sounds like a lot of fun.
What do you say, Pikachu?
[AGREEMENT]
They're such beautiful flowers.
And the colors match your fur!
[AGREEMENT]
I love flowers so much!
Let's use lots of them.
[AGREEMENT]
We'll make the biggest
arrangement of all!
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
Well, we'll make the best one.
It's a flower competition.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Hm‐hm‐hm. Chespin, the future
is now, thanks to science!
Clemontic Gear, on!
'Data from every work of art'
'since the beginning of time
has been inputted!'
'This device possesses
the ultimate artistic taste!'
Its name?
[HAPPY]
Flower Arranger One.
"Flower Arranger One?"
You're real good at coming up
with obvious names..
DEDENNE [AGREEMENT]
I want you to witness the future
of flower arrangement. Hah!
Power, on!
‐ Wow.
‐ Science is so amazing!
[AGREEMENT]
You're doing great too, Chespin!
[EXCITED]
Huh? Uh‐oh. Oh, no!
It appears that my flower
arrangement from the future
doesn't know
when to stop arranging!
[all gasp]
[explosion]
Oh, no. And I'd just finished..
I'm sorry, big brother,
but that was just horrible!
I'm sorry, too.
[AGREEMENT]
MABEL
Well done, everyone.
Your arrangements
are a reflection
of your personalities.
From this arrangement, I can see
that as a Trainer and Pokémon
Ash's and Pikachu's
hearts have become one.
This is a very powerful piece.
Wow, thank you so much!
It looks like you and Lucario
have made two
arrangements in one..
That's right! It's pretty, huh?
Yes, from this arrangement
I can see that you have similar
personalities and understand
each other deeply.
Yup! We've been together
since we were little.
So we're connected.
We have such a strong bond.
[AGREEMENT]
MABEL
I see.
Well then, I'll look forward
to impressive arrangements
tomorrow, too.
We're making arrangements
tomorrow, too?
No way! What about
all of our training?
No need to be so hasty.
For now,
I look forward to tomorrow.
[all groaning]
CLEMONT
'Alright, off we go.'
MABEL
'Be careful, please.'
Bye! I'll find
the prettiest flowers!
‐ Hey, wait up!
‐ Korrina?
I hope you notice
how beautiful the mountains are.
Especially with your
partner, Lucario.
Uh.. Mountain views?
And if you do, I'm sure
something wonderful will happen.
[grunting]
Wonder what she meant
by something wonderful.
I just don't understand.
[AGREEMENT]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Mawile!
MAWILE
[EXERTION]
MABEL
'Everyone did great today too!'
And I'll be looking
forward to even more
wonderful arrangements tomorrow.
Tomorrow, too?
[ALARMED]
Yes. Tomorrow and the day after.
[all gasp]
But we've had enough
of arranging flowers!
[AGREEMENT]
Don't say that.
I want to see the beautiful
flower arrangements
that you and Lucario make
when both your hearts are one.
Please?
[SIGHS]
Huh? Look at those
pretty flowers.
Ah! Alright.
I'll climb up and get some!
[GRUNTING]
Ah!
Thanks, Lucario. Huh?
[EXERTION]
[FEARFUL]
Lucario!
Hold on a sec!
Looks like parts of the cliff
aren't as sturdy as others.
I'll let you know
what direction to climb!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Go right!
Go left!
Straight up!
Now move left! More to the left!
Now go right!
[EXERTION]
KORRINA
'Left!'
[HAPPY]
You're there!
‐ What do you think?
‐ Huh?
[HAPPY]
‐ Gorgeous!
‐ Sure is.
Hmm.
SERENA
I'm getting kind of bored.
If I have to arrange
one more flower
I'm gonna scream.
I know they're pretty
and everything, but still..
I like it!
I'm having so much fun.
[AGREEMENT]
Hmm.
I wonder why Mabel
keeps on making us
arrange flowers day after day..
[AGREEMENT]
Well, she must have a good
reason for doing it, but what?
This doesn't make
any sense to me.
At this rate, you'll never be
able to control your aura.
When are we gonna
start training?
JESSIE
How will we ever make good
on our Pokémon pinching plan
with her there
all the live long day?
Right. They're always arranging
flowers with that woman.
We can't catch anything
but a cold.
Don't throw in
the towel just yet.
We gotta keep on keeping on!
[AGREEMENT]
Huh? Would you take these?
I'll meet you up there.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
So weird, I wonder
why Grandfather insisted
that we come and visit
Mabel in the first place.
The moon looks
the same as it did
the night
we were separated, remember?
You were looking at it too,
weren't you?
[AGREEMENT]
MABEL
'My, what a beautiful moon.'
Hmm? Mabel?
MABEL
It's alright. You needn't worry.
You're almost there.
Soon, you'll both
be able to control
Lucario's aura
during Mega Evolution.
Control its aura?
Are you finally going
to teach us how to do that?
I've been teaching you
all along.
[both gasp]
The reason why I asked you
to look at the mountains
together and make
all those flower arrangements
was because it was the most
effective training
for the two of you.
What's most important to me
is the way
the two of you perceive things.
'You and Lucario
are obviously very close.'
'The two of you think
and act alike.'
'That's why Lucario used moves
without your command'
'and made its own decisions
during battle.'
And both of you
were alright with that.
Trainers and their
Pokémon are partners.
While they may work together
toward the same goals
their roles are quite different.
You see, although you both
may be looking at the same thing
perhaps you're
viewing it differently.
[both gasp]
MABEL
'One heart, two viewpoints..'
'You have to bring
them together'
'and transform that
into strength.'
'There's no doubt in my mind
the two of you can do that.'
"One heart, two viewpoints.
Bring them together.."
[shattering]
PIKACHU [SCARED]
Pikachu!
‐ Mawile!
‐ Uh!
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Mawile!
What happened?
SERENA
I think something
crashed through that window.
BONNIE
Whatever it was took
Pikachu and Mawile!
‐ Huh?
‐ My stars, what happened?
[snickering]
MAWILE
[SCARED]
It's Pikachu and Mawile!
Who in the world are they?
JESSIE
Prepare for trouble,
your question is flawed.
JAMES
We're out of this world,
so you should be awed.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a fortitudinous fight.
Meowth, that's right!
[AGREEMENT]
Team Rocket?
They're bad guys who always try
'to steal
other people's Pokémon.'
LUCARIO
[ANGRY]
So true, and to make our
reputation intact
we'll now take them from you!
And Lucario, too!
Dodge it! Uh.
Set Pikachu and Mawile free!
Please. That sounds just
like a second‐rate song lyric.
Pumpkaboo, let's go!
[APPEARING]
[EXERTION]
You're right!
They've got to be rescued.
And we can do it.
Ready, Lucario?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Lucario, Mega Evolve!
[EVOLVING]
[ROARING]
[groaning]
Lucario, Power‐Up Punch!
[POWER‐UP PUNCH MOVE]
Not today..
Okay, Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
Lucario!
Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Inkay, use Psybeam!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
[ANGRY]
Oh, no..
Lucario's aura's
making it lose control!
[STRUGGLING]
What do I do now?
‐ Huh?
‐ I have faith in you.
Hm...right!
[EXERTION]
Shadow Ball, more!
Use Tackle!
[IMPACT]
[PAINED]
[all gasp]
Lucario!
[ROARING]
[thinking]
One heart, two viewpoints.
I've got to pay close
attention to what's going on
and help Lucario
however I can!
[EXERTION]
Lucario.. Please, listen to me!
"One heart, two viewpoints."
Remember that?
We've got to bring
them together
and transform that
into strength!
[STRUGGLING]
KORRINA
Lucario! Lucario!
Remember, our
hearts are one.
Let your aura
take over your body!
Ah! Uh.
Save the mushy stuff for later!
Pumpkaboo, use Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Lucario.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Haha. Korrina's voice
got through!
[chuckles]
Alright, ready?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Now, Inkay,
the third Psybeam's the charm!
Okay, counter it!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Shadow Ball again!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
It's attacking from the left!
Dodge upward
and hit the Shadow Ball!
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
Now, Bone Rush!
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
INKAY
[PAINED]
[screaming]
[FEARFUL]
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Mawile!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[chuckling]
We're not gonna
take that lying down.
[AGREEMENT]
MABEL
Now isn't that a coincidence.
Neither are we.
Mawile, Mega Evolve.
[EVOLVING]
[EXERTION]
Wrap it up with Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Now use Fairy Wind!
[FAIRY WIND MOVE]
Inkay, use Psybeam!
Pikachu, Thunderbolt. Go!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[STUNNED]
Lucario.. That's it.
You learned a new move!
Then, let's let them have it.
Aura Sphere!
[AURA SPHERE MOVE]
[screaming]
[yelling]
We're blasting off..
[AGREEMENT]
Again!
‐ Yay!
‐ Wow.
That Aura Sphere happened
because their hearts became one.
[AGREEMENT]
[chuckling]
Lucario, we did it!
[AGREEMENT]
KORRINA
'Thank you for everything.'
We're really glad
we came here to see you.
You're most welcome.
Remember, although
you're now able
to control Lucario's aura
you must continue
to work hard and improve.
Right! We sure will.
Hmm.
Korrina, guess this is goodbye.
‐ Huh?
‐ Why?
Aren't we all going
to the same place?
Yeah, we're all going
to the Shalour Gym together
so you can challenge Korrina.
Serena's right.
Korrina and Lucario
can control its aura.
So we need to train even harder!
We'll get stronger and stronger
then we can challenge her
and win that badge!
We'll do our very best to win.
[AGREEMENT]
I understand.
Then we'll see you there.
LUCARIO
[AFFIRMATIVE]
KORRINA
Come on, Lucario!
See you later!
[AGREEMENT]
Bye, Korrina.
Bye, Lucario. See you soon.
Take care of yourselves!
Don't forget to say hi
to your grandfather for us!
[AGREEMENT]
Let's move it!
NARRATOR
Thanks to Mabel's guidance,
Korrina and Lucario
have learned how to control
the power of Lucario's aura
during Mega Evolution.
Now, with Ash's Shalour Gym
battle on their minds
our heroes' journey
continues.
[theme music]